changelog: add Workers Terraform, API, and Smart Placement fixes (#22149)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/fundamentals/2025-03-21-resource-force-replacement-bug.mdx

---

> title: Dozens of Cloudflare Terraform Provider resources now have proper drift detection

Reviewer: @jhutchings1 FYI

description: Improper drift detection in the Cloudflare Terraform Provider resulted in dozens of resources always indicating they needed to be updated or replaced.
products:
  - fundamentals
date: 2025-03-21T00:00:00Z
---

> In [Cloudflare Terraform Provider](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare) >5.2.0, dozens of resources now have proper drift detection. Before the fix, these resources would indicate they needed to be updated or replaced even if there was no real change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [Cloudflare Terraform Provider](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare) versions 5.2.0 and above, dozens of resources now have proper drift detection. Before this fix, these resources would indicate they needed to be updated or replaced — even if there was no real change. Now, you can rely on your `terraform plan` to only show what resources are expected to change. 
```
